Column</th>\n<th>Definition</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>season</td>\n<td>Year of season</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>date</td>\n<td>Date of game</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>playoff</td>\n<td>Whether game was a playoff game</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>neutral</td>\n<td>Whether game was played at a neutral site</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>status</td>\n<td><code>post</code> if the game already happened; <code>pre</code> if it hasn't happened yet; <code>live</code> if it is being played at the time of data export</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>ot</td>\n<td>Overtime status: <code>OT</code> if the game ended in overtime, <code>SO</code> if the game ended in a shootout, blank if the game ended in regulation or if the game hasn't happened yet (will be blank for <code>pre</code> and <code>live</code> games). Games that went into multiple overtimes have the number of overtimes listed before <code>OT</code>: <code>2OT</code>, <code>3OT</code>, etc.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>home_team</td>\n<td>Home team name</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>away_team</td>\n<td>Away team name</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>home_team_abbr</td>\n<td>Home team abbreviation. Multiple team names can fall under the same team_abbr because of name changes or moves. Interactive is grouped by team_abbr.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>away_team_abbr</td>\n<td>Away team abbreviation. Multiple team names can fall under the same team_abbr because of name changes or moves. Interactive is grouped by team_abbr.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>home_team_pregame_rating</td>\n<td>Home team's Elo rating before the game</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>away_team_pregame_rating</td>\n<td>Away team's Elo rating before the game</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>home_team_winprob</td>\n<td>Home team's probability of winning according to team pregame ratings</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>away_team_winprob</td>\n<td>Away team's probability of winning according to team pregame ratings</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>overtime_prob</td>\n<td>Probability that the game ends in overtime according to team pregame ratings (including shootouts)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>home_team_expected_points</td>\n<td>Home team's expected points earned at the time the game started, according to team pregame ratings (2 points for a win, 1 point for a loss in overtime)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>away_team_expected_points</td>\n<td>Away team's expected points earned at the time the game started, according to team pregame ratings (2 points for a win, 1 point for a loss in overtime or shootout)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>home_team_score</td>\n<td>Home team's score (will be blank for <code>pre</code> and <code>live</code> games)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>away_team_score</td>\n<td>Away team's score (will be blank for <code>pre</code> and <code>live</code> games)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>home_team_postgame_rating</td>\n<td>Home team's rating after the game (will be blank for <code>pre</code> and <code>live</code> games)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>away_team_postgame_rating</td>\n<td>Away team's rating after the game (will be blank for <code>pre</code> and <code>live</code> games)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>game_quality_rating</td>\n<td>Rating of game's quality, based on the harmonic mean of the teams’ pregame Elo ratings, scaled from 0-100</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>game_importance_rating</td>\n<td>Rating of game's importance, based on how much the result would affect the model's forecasted playoff odds, scaled from 0-100. For <code>post</code> games, this rating is as of when the game started. (will be blank for all games played prior to 2021-22 season, the year we added a NHL forecast)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>game_overall_rating</td>\n<td>The average of <code>game_quality_rating</code> and <code>game_importance_rating</code> (will be blank for all games played prior to 2021-22 season, the year we added a NHL forecast)</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n</article>"
